During this course, you'll learn all about how to assess threats,
find and fix vulnerabilities,
and prepare for inevitable attacks.
In Lesson 1, we'll be talking about assessing threats.
So here you'll be able to explain the relationship between threats,
threat actors, vulnerabilities and exploits,
utilize event contexts to identify potential threat actor motivations,
identify security threats applicable to important organizational assets and finally,
use standard formulas to assess threats,
identify risks, and prioritize.
During Lesson 2, we're going to discuss finding vulnerabilities.
So here you'll be able to leverage
the MITRE ATT&CK framework to understand attack methods.
You'll also configure and launch scans to find
vulnerabilities and explain the steps required to conduct a penetration test.
During Lesson 3, we'll be going over how to fix vulnerabilities.
You'll be able to conduct vulnerability research,
also validate scan results through
manual testing and the application of business context.
You'll learn how to prioritize security gaps discovered and recommend
remediation strategies and also conduct
vulnerability research using industry resources like MITRE CVE.
Finally, in Lesson 4,
we'll talk about how to prepare for inevitable attacks.
You'll be able to explain the relationship between incident response,
disaster recovery, and business continuity.
You'll also learn to distinguish events from
incidents and recognize indicators of compromise.
You'll be able to explain the incident response life-cycle and finally,
recognize the key incident response team roles
and core components of an incident response plan.